Interview 2 Question Responses:

Description of participant: 24-year old male from Tucson, AZ. Gear guide. Lived in Alaska. Familiar with National Parks and have been to them.

Background: (pre-determined)

When is the last National Park you've been to?
"Red Rock. Is that a National Park? Probably, Saguaro."

Do you know how many National Parks there are?
"More than 100, I am going to say 337. That is my guess. Wait, at least 59 National Parks (he looks at postcard deck of National Parks)"

What National Park do you want to visit the most?
"Probably, (looks through postcard deck), Glacier National Park or Arches National Park. I haven't been to Arches yet and I don't know why it is so close. Oh and the Grand Tetons. That would be sick. Oh, and Yellowstone"

Why?
"Grand Tetons, heard they are super beautiful. Glacier because my friend Paul said it was his favorite and one of the most beautiful. I want to visit Yellowstone and it's iconic. Arches because it is so close."

What time of year would you ideally visit it?
"Anytime of year. I've been during cold times and the summer. They have somthing to offer at anytime of year."

What's your favorite activities?
"Climbing, hiking, backpacking, and soon mountain biking."

Visualization: (pre-determined)

Can you find your location on the map?
"Yeah."

Can you see where the National Park's you know are on the map?
"No, I don't all of them and where they are located. Having a list where you could hover and it shows you where the National Park is located on the map would be very helpful."

Do you understand the size of the circles?
"Yes, they show population. I also get confused about them showing how large the park is in area. A bigger circle might make me think it is a larger park."

Which activities are you interested in doing at the National Parks?
"The activity selection is really cool. (Clicks hiking) Which National Park doesn't have hiking? Gateway Arch? I didn't know that was a National Park. I've been there!"

Probing Questions:

Since you looked at the postcards to help remember the National Parks would something like that included in the visualization be helpful?
"Yes that would be a very good idea."

What did you like about the visualizaiton?
"It was very informative. I found out a lot of information I didn't realize before. It would be cool to expand this to the world or to monuments like Colorado National Monument."